New major release 0.5.0 (#96)
samply/beam: CHANGELOG.md

# Samply.Beam 0.5.0 -- 2023-02-03

> This new major release of Samply.Beam introduces a breaking change in the signature system. While the signatures will chainge again in the future, the current release allows for more efficient, larger payloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This new major release of Samply.Beam introduces a breaking change in how cryptographic signatures are represented in the HTTP messages, allowing for more efficient, larger payloads.
```

> This change is incapatible with older versions of Samply.Beam, so please update both your broker and your clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This change is incompatible with older versions of Samply.Beam, so please update both your broker and your clients.
```
